#1: I wanted to be a systems analyst at the beginning of the program. I now want to become a data analyst. 
I have researched what they do: they take data and figure out a variety of things like how to make new prices and how to reduce transportation costs as an example.
They use computer systems and calculation applications to figure out their numbers. 
They use coding as they have a responsibility to fix code problems and data-related issues. 
It changed because of doing the last few assignments that made me pay attention to mistakes in the code; 
I enjoyed doing that more than the responsibilities that the data analyst had. 

#2: The areas of social and racial justice that are most interesting to me now are the issues concerning the lack of stem women and people of color in the 
technology industry. 
For me, as a woman of color, I believe that everyone, regardless of their color or gender, should have the opportunity to learn the fundamentals of technology.
I would like to use technology in order to create a program like Hack the Hood in Florida, as there is a high percentage of people of color that could want to
learn not just coding but how to be a software engineer (like building apps). 
In the end, we are helping our generation and the next to branch out and learn a major pillar of our modern society. 
I want to be able to teach others the skills I have learned now and skills I will learn later related to technology. 
I would also like to build an app for free that gives tips on how to start a new technology career and the options people could have. 

#3:I have learned many technical career skills like programming in python and its fundamentals, paying attention to detail and realizing that having mistakes 
in your code allows you to learn. 
Other skills I have learned in this program is communicating with my instructor and myself to stay on the assignments. 
More important soft skills that I have learned are patience and curiosity as these projects have allowed me to branch out in coding and realize there are 
multiple ways to solve a problem and that coding is like math: it requires practice. 
All these skills help me in my own educational prospects as I have learned another skill that is important to my future in STEM.

